c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Data.dll.config
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Data.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Data.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.Migrations.Initialize_localDb.resources
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.Migrations.IsSoldFlag.resources
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Data\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Data.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
