c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Service.dll.config
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Service.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Service.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StructureMap.Web.xml
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Service.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\obj\Debug\Shipbob.Service.pdb
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Data.dll
c:\users\goliath\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\Shipbob.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Goliath\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShipbobProject\Shipbob.Service\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.xml
